.Dd March 6, 2025
.Dt PLM-DELETE-PLAYLIST 1
.Os Playlist Manager
.Sh NAME
.Nm plm-delete-playlist
.Nd delete playlist files and associated media files from device
.Sh SYNOPSYS
.Nm plm delete-playlist Oo
.Fl m | -media Oc Oo
.Fl v | -verbose Oc
.Ar playlist
.Ar [ ... ]
.br
.Nm
.Fl H | -help
.br
.Nm
.Fl V | -version
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The first synopsys deletes playlist files specified by
.Ar playlist
parameter.
When
.Fl m
or
.Fl -media
option is given, media files (and lyrics files with `.lrc` extension)
associated with the
.Ar playlist
are also deleted.
.Pp
When
.Fl v
or
.Fl -verbose
option is given, playlist files and media files to copy, and the numbers
of the copied files are displayed.
.Pp
.Pp
The second synopsys displays the help screen and quits.
.Pp
The third synopsys displays the version information and quits.
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Bl -tag -compact
.It 0
Command successfully exits.
.It 255
Command fails with invalid command line arguments.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
Suppose the following files are on the device:
.Pp
.Bd -literal -offset indent
/mnt/sdcard/MUSIC
  +-- artist1
  |   +-- album1
  |       +-- title1.flac
  |       +-- title2.flac
  |       +-- title2.lrc
  +-- artist2
  |   +-- album1
  |   |   +-- title1.flac
  |   +-- album2
  |       +-- title1.flac
  +-- playlist1.m3u8
.Ed
.Pp
and the playlist
.Pa playlist.m3u8
contains:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
artist1/album1/title1.flac
artist1/album1/title2.flac
.Ed
.Pp
the following command deletes just
.Pa /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
playlist file:
.Dl plm delete-playlist /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
.Pp
while the next command:
.Dl plm delete-playlist --media /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
.Pp
deletes the following
.Bd -literal -offset indent
artist1/album1/title1.flac
artist1/album1/title2.flac
artist1/album1/title2.lrc
.Ed
.Pp
files in the
.Pa /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/
directory.
After deleting media files, ascendant directories are recursively
deleted until the directory where the
.Ar playlist
resides in if they are empty.
In this example, the following directories will be deleted:
.Bd -literal -offset indent
/mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/artist1/album1
/mnt/sdcard/MUSIC/artist1
.Ed
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr plm 1
