.Dd March 6, 2025
.Dt PLM-PUT-PLAYLIST 1
.Os Playlist Manager
.Sh NAME
.Nm plm-put-playlist
.Nd copy playlist files and associated media files from PC to device
.Sh SYNOPSYS
.Nm plm put-playlist Oo
.Fl v | -verbose Oc Oo
.Fl l | -lyrics Oc Oo
.Fl k | -keep-going Oc Oo
.Fl e | -error-files Ar file Oc
.Ar dest
.Ar playlist
.Ar [ ... ]
.br
.Nm
.Fl H | -help
.br
.Nm
.Fl V | -version
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The first synopsys copies playlist file specified by
.Ar playlist
parameter and associated media files from PC to device that
.Ar dest
parameter points to.
The backslash (
.Sq \e
) characters in playlist files are replaced with the forward slash (
.Sq /
) characters during transfer.
.Pp
When
.Fl v
or
.Fl -verbose
option is given, playlist files and media files to copy, and the numbers
of the copied files are displayed.
.Pp
When
.Fl l
or
.Fl -lyrics
option is given, lyrics files (with .lrc extension) are copied along with
media files if they exist in the same directory as the media files.
.Pp
When
.Fl k
or
.Fl -keep-going
option is given, the command will continue operation despite errors.
It will attempt to process all playlists and copy all media files,
skipping only those that encounter errors.
At the end, it will display a summary of the number of successfully copied
playlists and media files in the form of "(a/b) playlist copied" and
"(c/d) media files copied", where a is the number of successfully copied
playlists, b is the total number of playlists to be copied, c is the number
of successfully copied media files (excluding lyrics files), and d is the
total number of media files to be copied (excluding lyrics files).
.Pp
When
.Fl e
or
.Fl -error-files
option is given, it must be used along with
.Fl k
or
.Fl -keep-going
option. If used without the keep-going option, the command will print an error
message to stderr and exit with status code 255. When used correctly, the command
will write the list of playlist files and media files that failed to copy to the
specified file. Each line in the error file is prefixed with either "P " for
failed playlists or "M " for failed media files, and the entries are listed in
the order they failed. If the file cannot be created, the command will print an
error message to stderr and exit with status code 2.
.Pp
The second synopsys displays the help screen and quits.
.Pp
The third synopsys displays the version information and quits.
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Bl -tag -compact
.It 0
Command successfully exits.
.It 1
Command fails during execution (e.g., file copy errors) when --keep-going is not specified.
.It 2
Command fails to create the error log file specified with --error-files.
.It 255
Command fails with invalid command line arguments.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
Suppose media files reside in the home directory:
.Pp
.Bd -literal -offset indent
~/MUSIC
  +-- artist1
  |   +-- album1
  |       +-- title1.flac
  |       +-- title2.flac
  +-- artist2
  |   +-- album1
  |   |   +-- title1.flac
  |   +-- album2
  |       +-- title1.flac
  +-- playlist.m3u8
.Ed
.Pp
and the playlist
.Pa playlist.m3u8
has the following content:
.Pp
.Bd -literal -offset indent
artist1/album1/title1.flac
artist1/album1/title2.flac
artist2/album1/title1.flac
artist2/album2/title1.flac
.Ed
.Pp
The following command copies
.Pa ~/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
playlist file and media files associated to the playlist into
.Pa /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC
directory:
.Dl plm put-playlist /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC ~/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
.Pp
To copy lyrics files along with media files:
.Dl plm put-playlist --lyrics /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC ~/MUSIC/playlist.m3u8
.Pp
To continue operation despite errors:
.Dl plm put-playlist --keep-going /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC ~/MUSIC/playlist1.m3u8 ~/MUSIC/playlist2.m3u8
.Pp
To log failed files to an error log:
.Dl plm put-playlist --keep-going --error-files errors.log /mnt/sdcard/MUSIC ~/MUSIC/playlist1.m3u8 ~/MUSIC/playlist2.m3u8
.Pp
and results in the following files on the SD card:
.Pp
.Bd -literal -offset indent
/mnt/sdcard/MUSIC
  +-- artist1
  |   +-- album1
  |       +-- title1.flac
  |       +-- title2.flac
  +-- artist2
  |   +-- album1
  |   |   +-- title1.flac
  |   +-- album2
  |       +-- title1.flac
  +-- playlist.m3u8
.Ed
.Pp

.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr plm 1
