.Dd March 6, 2025
.Dt PLM 1
.Os Playlist Manager
.Sh NAME
.Nm plm
.Nd manipulates playlist file and associated media files
.Sh SYNOPSYS
.Nm plm Oo
.Fl v | -verbose Oc
.Ar command Oo command_options Oc Ar command_parameters
.br
.Nm
.Cm help Op Ar command
.br
.Nm
.Fl H | -help
.br
.Nm
.Fl V | -version
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The first synopsys invokes the
.Cm command
with
.Ar command_options
and
.Cm command_parameters.
If
.Fl v
or
.Fl -verbose
option is given, verbose message of the Ar command will be displayed.
.Pp
The second synopsys displays a help screen for the
.I command
and quits.  If the
.Ar command
parameter is omitted, it displays a help screen for
.Nm
command itself and quits.
.Pp
The third synopsys displays a help screen for
.B plm
and quits.
.Pp
The fourth synopsys displays the version information for
.B plm
and quits.
.Sh "PLM SUBCOMMANDS"
The
.Nm
command takes a subcommand to be invoked.  The following lists such
subcommands and briefly describes them.
.Bl -tag -width aaa -offset indent
.It Cm put-playlist Ar dest Ar playlist
Copy the specified
.Ar playlist
and associated media files from PC to device pointed to by
.Ar dest
parameter.
See
.Xr plm-put-playlist 1
for details.
.It Cm delete-playlist Oo Fl m | -media Oc Ar playlist Op Ar ...
Delete the specified
.Ar playlist
files and optionally delete the media files referenced in the playlists.
See
.Xr plm-delete-playlist 1
for details.
.It Cm help Op Ar command
Display a help screen for
.Ar command
and quit.  If the
.Ar command
parameter is omitted, it displays a help screen for
.Nm
command itself.
See
.Xr plm-help 1
for details.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Bl -tag -compact
.It 0
Command successfully exits.
.It 255
Command fails with invalid command line arguments.
.El
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr plm-help 1 ,
.Xr plm-put-playlist 1 ,
.Xr plm-delete-playlist 1
